field_rrule/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Repetition rules
================

This module was written to offer a field type that holds rrules according to RFC 2445.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* depend on it
* say ``from openerp.addons.field_rrule import FieldRRule``
* use ``FieldRRule`` like any other field
* on forms, use ``widget="rrule"``
* have a look at ``demo/res_partner.*``

Technically, this is a wrapper around serialized fields. The value always will be a subclass of dateutil's ``rruleset``. For technical reasons, this class overrides ``__iter__``, so if you need a proper ``rruleset``, call the value: ``my_browse_record.my_field_of_type_rrule()`` - this gives you a vanilla ``rruleset``.

If you want to pass a default, use the internal representation you'll find in the database - a list of dictionaries with the keyword arguments to be passed to rrule's constructor and a `type` field that for now can only be `rrule`: A context of ``{"default_rrule": [{"count": 1, "freq": 1, "type": "rrule", "interval": 1, "bymonthday": [1]}]}`` would give you a default for the field ``rrule`` which occurs one time at the first of the month.

In case you work with defaults and want to dumb down the UI a bit, use ``{'no_add_rule': true}``.

Further, as this is a serialized field, a value of `not set` will be represented in the database as ``'null'`` if the value was set and unset afterwards, or a database ``null`` if the value was never set - this is then also what you have to search for when you need records with your field unset.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* support the unimplemented features of rrules
* support rdates, exdates, exrules
* consider multiple widgets with different feature sets

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>  

Do not contact contributors directly about help with questions or problems concerning this addon, but use the `community mailing list <mailto:community@mail.odoo.com>`_ or the `appropriate specialized mailinglist <https://odoo-community.org/groups>`_ for help, and the bug tracker linked in `Bug Tracker`_ above for technical issues.

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[ADD] allow developers to have stable times over dst borders

field_rrule/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Repetition rules
================

This module was written to offer a field type that holds rrules according to RFC 2445.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* depend on it
* say ``from openerp.addons.field_rrule import FieldRRule``
* use ``FieldRRule`` like any other field
* on forms, use ``widget="rrule"``
* have a look at ``demo/res_partner.*``

Technically, this is a wrapper around serialized fields. The value always will be a subclass of dateutil's ``rruleset``. For technical reasons, this class overrides ``__iter__``, so if you need a proper ``rruleset``, call the value: ``my_browse_record.my_field_of_type_rrule()`` - this gives you a vanilla ``rruleset``.

If you want to pass a default, use the internal representation you'll find in the database - a list of dictionaries with the keyword arguments to be passed to rrule's constructor and a `type` field that for now can only be `rrule`: A context of ``{"default_rrule": [{"count": 1, "freq": 1, "type": "rrule", "interval": 1, "bymonthday": [1]}]}`` would give you a default for the field ``rrule`` which occurs one time at the first of the month.

In case you work with defaults and want to dumb down the UI a bit, use ``{'no_add_rule': true}``.

Further, as this is a serialized field, a value of `not set` will be represented in the database as ``'null'`` if the value was set and unset afterwards, or a database ``null`` if the value was never set - this is then also what you have to search for when you need records with your field unset.

Daylight saving time
====================

By default, this field keep intervals stable, as Odoo handles UTC times internally. If you need stable times (think of some repetition of an appointment) in time zones with daylight saving, you need to set ``stable_times=True`` in the field's constructor.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* support the unimplemented features of rrules
* support rdates, exdates, exrules
* consider multiple widgets with different feature sets

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>  

Do not contact contributors directly about help with questions or problems concerning this addon, but use the `community mailing list <mailto:community@mail.odoo.com>`_ or the `appropriate specialized mailinglist <https://odoo-community.org/groups>`_ for help, and the bug tracker linked in `Bug Tracker`_ above for technical issues.

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
